We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Unknown
What is planted in each person's soul will sprout.   -Rumi
Art is the signature of civilizations.  -Beverly Sills
Darkness is the absence of light. -Kamal Ravikant
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy. -Isaac Newton
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses. -George Eliot
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. -Leo Tolstoy
All has not been said and never will be. -Samuel Beckett
Wheels of justice grind slow but grind fine. -Sun Tzu
If you can handle rejection, you'll learn to get everything you want. -Tony Robbins
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you. -Richard Bach
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young. -Theodore Roosevelt
Some of us learn from other people's mistakes and the rest of us have to be other people.   -Zig Ziglar
Creative people are often found either disagreeable or intimidating by mediocrities. -Criss Jami
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. -Vince Lombardi
Don't be afraid to go slowly. Be afraid of stopping. -Zen Proverb
We are most nearly ourselves when we achieve the seriousness of the child at play. -Heraclitus
What people need and what they want may be very different. -Elbert Hubbard
It's beautiful to be alone. To be alone does not mean to be lonely. It means the mind is not influenced and contaminated by society. -Jiddu Krishnamurti
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. -Jeffrey Gitomer
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window. -Peter Drucker
Discipline is the mark of intelligent living. -Sathya Sai Baba
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.  -Margaret Mead
Cleverness is not wisdom. -Euripides
All power is from within and therefore under our control. -Robert Collier
Time goes from present to past. -Shunryu Suzuki
Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand. -Mark Twain
The man who moved the mountain was the one who began carrying away the smallest stones. -Zen Proverb
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. -Ayn Rand
You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal. -Zig Ziglar
The majority of what you want will come from the minority of what you do. -Gary Keller
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience. -Paulo Coelho
The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle. -Vaclav Havel
The more perfect a person is on the outside, the more demons they have on the inside. -Sigmund Freud
Stress happens when the mind resists what is. -Dan Millman
No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way. -Kamal Ravikant
Our life isn't how much we can take out, but how much we can put in.   -Estee Lauder
To create more positive results in your life, replace 'if only' with 'next time'. -Celestine Chua
Any game becomes important when you know and love the players. -W.P. Kinsella
Before you can see the Light, you have to deal with the darkness. -Dan Millman
The only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown
To be alive - is Power. -Emily Dickinson
If you read a lot of books, you're considered well-read. But if you watch a lot of TV, you're not considered well-viewed. -Lily Tomlin
Life is like stepping onto a boat which is about to sail out to sea and sink. -Shunryu Suzuki
Engage in those actions and thoughts that nurture the good qualities you want to have. -Paramahansa Yogananda
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. -Amelia Earhart
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder. -Rumi
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself. -Dogen
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. -Herodotus
The more you are grateful for what you have the more you will have to be grateful for.   -Zig Ziglar
The time is now, the place is here. Stay in the present. -Dan Millman
Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing. -Helen Keller
Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
What is planted in each person's soul will sprout.   -Rumi
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. -Amelia Earhart
Don't let the noise of others opinions drown out your inner voice. -Steve Jobs
You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal. -Zig Ziglar
Life is just the same as learning to swim. Do not be afraid of making mistakes, for there is no other way of learning how to live! -Alfred Adler
It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. -Gary Keller
Animals don't hate, and we're supposed to be better than them. -Elvis Presley
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. -George Addair
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions. -Leonardo da Vinci
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't. -Steve Maraboli
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. -Alexander Pope
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you. -Richard Bach
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. -Benjamin Franklin
When we think about our strengths, we are strong. When we think about our weaknesses, we are weak. -Peter A. Cohen
It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. -Tony Robbins
You are not stuck where you are unless you decide to be.   -Wayne Dyer
The giving of love is an education in itself. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Those who are enlightened never stop forging themselves. -Morihei Ueshiba
Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already. -Marcus Aurelius
The wise accomplish all that they want without arousing the envy or scorn of others. -Ming-Dao Deng
Leaders think and talk about solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems. -Brian Tracy
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.  -St. Jerome
Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes. -Peter Drucker
We know nothing of tomorrow, our business is to be good and happy today. -Sydney Smith
The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts. -Unknown
If you don't know where you're going, you will probably end up somewhere else. -Laurence J. Peter
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.  -Chinese Proverb
To improve is to change, so to be perfect is to change often. -Winston Churchill
The best way to predict your future is to create it. -Abraham Lincoln
Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water. -Bruce Lee
You purchase pain with all that joy can give and die of nothing but a rage to live. -Alexander Pope
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. -Lao Tzu
I will not walk backward in life. -J.R.R. Tolkien
To be prepared is half the victory.  -Miguel de Cervantes
The first principle of success is desire. -Robert Collier
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness. -Aristotle
Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing. -Euripides
If I can laugh, I can live. -Christopher Reeve
Where violence reigns, reason is weak. -Nicolas Chamfort
When you lose your desire for things that do not matter, you will be free. -Morihei Ueshiba
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or to get all the credit for doing it. -Andrew Carnegie
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates
Happiness must be grown in one's own garden. -Mary Engelbreit
We suffer for the simple reason that suffering is biologically useful. It is nature's preferred agent for inspiring change. -Mark Manson
